///////////////////
// Autoview Bitmex integration
///////////////////

Strong Sell 
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd c=position t=market
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd c=order t=market
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd b=sell t=market q=30000 l=0

Medium Sell 
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd c=position t=market
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd c=order t=market
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd b=sell t=market q=20000 l=0

Weak Sell
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd c=position t=market
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd c=order t=market
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd t=market b=sell q=10000 l=0

Strong Buy
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd c=position t=market
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd c=order t=market
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd t=market b=buy q=30000 l=0

Medium Buy
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd c=position t=market
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd c=order t=market
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd t=market b=buy q=20000 l=0

Weak Buy
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd c=position t=market
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd c=order t=market
e=bitmex-testnet s=xbtusd t=market b=buy q=10000 l=0

///////////////////
// Autoview Binance integration
///////////////////

Strong Sell 
e=binance s=BTCUSDT c=position t=market
e=binance s=BTCUSDT c=order t=market
e=binance s=BTCUSDT b=sell t=market q=3% l=0 ts=0.1%

Medium Sell 
e=binance s=BTCUSDT c=position t=market
e=binance s=BTCUSDT c=order t=market
e=binance s=BTCUSDT b=sell t=market q=2% l=0 ts=0.1%

Weak Sell
e=binance s=BTCUSDT c=position t=market
e=binance s=BTCUSDT c=order t=market
e=binance s=BTCUSDT t=market b=sell q=1% l=0 ts=0.1%

Strong Buy
e=binance s=BTCUSDT c=position t=market
e=binance s=BTCUSDT c=order t=market
e=binance s=BTCUSDT t=market b=buy q=3% l=0 ts=0.1%

Medium Buy
e=binance s=BTCUSDT c=position t=market
e=binance s=BTCUSDT c=order t=market
e=binance s=BTCUSDT t=market b=buy q=2% l=0 ts=0.1%

Weak Buy
e=binance s=BTCUSDT c=position t=market
e=binance s=BTCUSDT c=order t=market
e=binance s=BTCUSDT t=market b=buy q=1% l=0 ts=0.1%